Add section about custom component requirements (#862)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/creating_integration_manifest.md

}
```

> ### Custom component requirements
> 
> Custom components should only include requirements that are not required by the core [requirements.txt](https://github.com/home-assistant/core/blob/dev/requirements.txt).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Custom integration requirements

Custom integration should only include requirements that are not required by the Core [requirements.txt](https://github.com/home-assistant/core/blob/dev/requirements.txt).
```
